Holy moly.
Finally done with the foundations.
We're gonna get to some exciting parts but what do we learn so far.
Well we learned how the JavaScript engine and the compilers and how a language is read and execute it
right.
And then once a language like Javascript is executed we learned about execution context how every function
invocation creates an execution context.
We learned about lexical environment where we write our code is important.
We learned about the scope chain a way for us to look for variables and see what we have access to.
We learned about an interesting feature that is hoisting how javascript does this weird thing that hoists
function declarations and variable declarations we learned about function invocation and some of the
interesting properties when we create new functions such as getting the arguments parameter or sometimes
even modifying the this keyword.
We learned about function scope and block scope and how in JavaScript originally we only had function
scope but with the new let and const keywords we can use some block scoping.
We learned about dynamic and lexical scope how javascript just has lexical scope except for this little
thing called the this keyword that has dynamic scoping that is it gets determined what the this value
is when the function is invoked.
We also learned how to master this keyword the benefits of having this keyword how to use call apply
and bind and we also learned about immediately invoked function expressions.
Now especially these two this and the if this is something we're going to talk about later on in the
course so we just scratched the surface with these things.
But by now you should have the foundations of JavaScript done and we learned some really complex topics
that really make you a great programmer.
I hope you are having fun.
I know that was a tough big section but trust me things are gonna get better and better.
And as we progress through the course you'll see how the foundations that we've laid out are gonna help
you expand and learn and become better and better as we progress through the course.
So don't give up just yet because we have lots more to go through.
I'll see you the next one.
Bye bye.